DOCS-12645 clarify monitoring (#557)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-monitor-applications.adoc

Applications and API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric include native support for Anypoint Monitoring to allow viewing metrics within Anypoint Platform.

[NOTE]

> Runtime Fabric does not support monitoring solutions other than Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer: same wording as above - "provide support"?

Reviewer 2: yes i like the provide support

> Runtime Fabric does not support monitoring solutions other than Anypoint Monitoring.

Author: ```suggestion
Runtime Fabric does not provide support for integrating third-party monitoring solutions.
```

== Anypoint Monitoring

> xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] includes tools that provide feedback from Mule flows and components in your application network. Anypoint Monitoring runs in a sidecar in pod deployments and gathers basic metrics for applications and API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric. Titanium-plan customers have access to additional capabilities, including application log retrieval and search.

Reviewer: "as a sidecar" instead of "in a sidecar"

Reviewer: "in application deployments"

> xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] includes tools that provide feedback from Mule flows and components in your application network. Anypoint Monitoring runs in a sidecar in pod deployments and gathers basic metrics for applications and API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric. Titanium-plan customers have access to additional capabilities, including application log retrieval and search.

Author: ```suggestion
xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] includes tools that provide feedback from Mule flows and components in your application network. Anypoint Monitoring runs as a sidecar in application deployments and gathers metrics for applications and API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric. Titanium-plan customers have access to additional capabilities, including application log retrieval and search.
```
